Add cloudant database resource and data source (#6)
cloudant/terraform-provider-ibm: examples/ibm-cloudant/README.md

- [Lite plan with legacy credentials](lite-plan-legacy)
- [Lite plan with IAM credentials](lite-plan-iam)
- [Standard plan with custom capacity](standard-plan)

> - [Standard plan with default database](standard-plan-with-database)

Reviewer: nit `default` naming - I get what you mean as it is the user creating a default database, but I worry it might be confused with system default dbs or whatever, how about "new" ?
```suggestion
- [Standard plan with a new database](standard-plan-with-database)
```
